do you like my pot-au-feu let me show
you how my wife made it with just four
ingredients
tofu pork chili bean sauce and garlic
first thing you want to do is get the
garlic ready
give these a chopper or a knife to mince
it up
next take soft tofu or in our case
silken tofu and cut it up into small
cubes
alright now let's put it all together so
heat up your pan add some oil we're just
going to spread the oil around and then
we're going to throw in the minced
garlic shortly after that we're going to
add in the chili bean sauce and then
we're throw in the ground pork or
whatever meat you want or if you want it
to be vegetarian don't use any meat at
all here's the chili bean sauce
we put in the tablespoon you don't need
any salt with this dish because this
this sauce is already salty on its own
once the mean is just about cooked you
want to throw in the tofu as well give
it a gentle toss and then add about a
cup of water into it to serve as the
sauce for your dish
all right now it's time to thicken up
the sauce so prepare a slurry which is
Quin starch and water mixture and throw
it in the pan and just gently toss it
again until it thickens after that you
can add some scallions if you'd like and
a little bit of sesame oil and then
you're done one final tip by happy you
guys is this dish is spicy so it's best
for adults and may not be appropriate
for younger children so instead of using
the chili bean sauce a good alternative
would be black bean sauce which is also
kind of salty by itself but it's also
very flavorful as well alright thanks
for watching and please subscribe if you
like it
you